well here we have the vending machine
toy sweets we will review the
working we have the slots for
throw the coins
and we have the slot for the tickets of
dollar over here
already perfect
good to play with him with the little machine
you have to open do
for the hatch and here it is assumed that
load it
yes see the sweets
It is not even carla mm
but when in a strong way
then closed we have the load
good as the community
with the course
and a little more
plus
can be seen with coins or good
seven were tickets to the colors
orange
to kaka and then that knee is for
just run to the other
so
once we pay
we choose deluxe in this case do this
and I would have to see below
today we have
sweet candy
good the machine for children
didactic you have for the florist
pesos
that is what it is
and 10 pesos for here
and be careful because this is good
it worked with pennies
good once
we already have the little machine
with ducati is in the field justly
to remove the wood
and it should be our tickets and the
coins
for attention to the sites
fruits
efe
light friends left us
half of sinners